Document VTTRegion instance properties (#44494)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/vttregion/lines/index.md

---
title: "VTTRegion: lines property"
short-title: lines
slug: Web/API/VTTRegion/lines
page-type: web-api-instance-property
browser-compat: api.VTTRegion.lines
---

{{APIRef("WebVTT")}}

The **`lines`** property of the {{domxref("VTTRegion")}} interface represents the height of the region, in number of lines.

## Value

> A number giving the number of lines of the region within which the text of the contained cues is rendered. The default is `3`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A number representing the number of lines inside the region that cue text is rendered in. The default is `3`.
```

## Examples

> In the following example a new {{domxref("VTTRegion")}} is created, then the value of `lines` is set to `4`. The value is then printed to the console.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the following example, a new {{domxref("VTTRegion")}} is created, then the value of `lines` is set to `4`. The value is then printed to the console.
```

```js
const region = new VTTRegion();

> region.lines = 4; // Use 4 lines of height.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
region.lines = 4; // Render cues in 4 lines
```
